# BurgerJW
This was the most expansive web assignment that i've done. I created multiple folders, called controllers, config, db with sub folders views and layouts. I also created another folder called models. In the config folder are the connection, and orm.js files. The connection.js file connects the node to the MYSQL. In the orm file i created functions that allow me to insert and update new burger types that would want to put in the table. In the connection.js file the functions i created there allowed me to create a connection from MYSQL to the javascript code that I created within the multiple files, and folders. 
In the controller folder i created a controller.js file, that connects the express routes that i can use to post, or return back data that was, or is being put into the website. In the db folder, the subfolder Views holds all of my MYSQL information, and index.handlebars. In the schema.sql i created the table burgers, and the seeds.sql holds the information of the different types of burgers that can be inserted into the table when they are being typed, in the website. In the index.handlebars i have an html file with html <div> that hold the buttons with if else, and each statements. So whenever someone decides to type in a type of burger it will be devoured, and added to the list of burgers devoured. In the layouts subfolder i have the main.handlebars file, which contains a template html with a jquery connection, and the {{{body}}}, which holds all the information, and will place everything right there in the <body></body>. The models folder holds the burger.js file that i created a connection to the orm.js file. In here i also created functions using the selectAll, insertOne, and updateOne functions. The burger.js file allows the results of what was inputed to be displayed, and the amunt devoured to be updated,  using the callback function of cb(results). The module.exports allows my global variable buger to be exported to the controller.js. In my server.js file is where everything connects, and if everything works, the app.listen function will console.log the localhost and port number. So when clicked in the terminal the user can go right to the website, and input the different types of burgers they want to devour.
